[
Having a job you dislike not only sucks, it might also be
impacting your health.
做着一份自己不喜欢的工作不仅造成负面效果，还有可能危害你的健康。
Job-related dissatisfaction experienced in your 20s and 30s can
lead to overall health issues just 10 or 20 years down the line,
according to a new study from the American Sociological
Association.
来自美国社会学家协会的一项最新研究显示，在20到30多岁期间的职业不满情绪，有可能会导致随后10-20年的健康问题。
“We found that there is a cumulative effect of job
satisfaction on health that appears as early as your 40s,” said
lead author Jonathan Dirlam, a doctoral student in sociology at
Ohio State University.

“我们发现，职业满意度会对人的健康产生累积效应，最早出现在40岁。”本项研究的首席执行者Jonathan
Dirlan表示，他是俄亥俄州立大学的博士生。
Dirlam and his team analyzed data from over 6,000 participants
in the National Longitudinal Survey of Youth, which has been
tracking outcomes of participants since 1979.
Dirlam和他的团队分析了来自《全国青年纵向调查》中的6000位测试者的数据，这些数据从1979年就开始进行追踪统计。
The researchers examined the participants’ job satisfaction
trajectories from age 25 to 39, and then compared that data with
the health conditions reported by the same participants after they
turned 40.
研究人员分析了年龄在25-39岁的测试者的职业满意度轨迹，并与其40岁时的身体报告进行数据对比。
What they discovered was people who were unhappier in their jobs
early in their careers were also the most prone to illness,
particularly mental health problems, in their 40s. They were more
depressed, had more emotional issues and sleep problems and
suffered from excessive worry.
他们发现了，在早年对职业满意度较差的人群，在40岁的时候或多或少都会产生疾病，特别是心理健康方面的疾病。他们表现得更抑郁，有更多的情绪问题和睡眠问题，常常感到不安。
Physical ailments were also more likely, though to a lesser
degree. Those with lower jobsatisfaction tended to report more
problems like back pain and frequent colds than those who were
happier at work.
另外身体疾病的发病率也很高，虽然程度较低。对职业满意度较低的相比职业满意度高的人群，更容易出现背部疼痛和感冒等疾病。
“We found that those with lower job satisfaction levels
throughout their late 20s and 30s have worse mental health compared
to those with high job satisfaction levels,” Dirlamtold CBS News.
“Those who initially had high job satisfaction but downwardly
decreased over time also had worse health.”

“我们发现，那些在接近30岁或40岁对职业满意度低的人们，更可能患上心理疾病。”Dirlam接受CBS
NEWS采访的时候表示。“那些一开始有着较高，随后降低的满意度的人们，他们的健康问题更严重。”
Co-author Hui Zheng, an associate professor of sociology at Ohio
State, said the findings reveal the importance that early jobs have
on people’s lives and well-being.
本次研究的共同研究人员郑辉(音译)是俄亥俄州立大学社会学的副教授，他表示这些发现揭露了早期的职业生涯对人的生活和幸福状态的重要性。
“You don’t have to be near the end of your career to see the
health impact of job satisfaction, particularly on your mental
health,” he said.
他说：“你不必在职业生涯接近尾声的时候分析职业满意度对健康的影响，尤其是心理健康方面的影响。”
Zheng added that though researchers found little difference in
other health problems like cancer and diabetes, those issues might
be expected later in life among those with lower job satisfaction
levels.
郑
辉(音译)还表示，虽然在本次研究中对比了职业满意度与癌症和肥胖症的相关性很小，不过这些疾病可能在那些职业满意度低的人群的日后生活中出现。
“The higher levels of mental health problems for those with
low job satisfaction may be a precursor to future physical
problems,” he said. “Increased anxiety and depression could
lead to cardiovascular or other health problems that won’t show
up until they are older.”
“那些对职业满意度越低的人患上了更高程度的心理疾病，可能会导致日后的身体疾病。”他表示。“累积的焦虑和抑郁情绪将会导致心脑血管疾病或其他在年老时才会出现的健康问题。”
The study, presented on Aug. 22 at an annual meeting of the ASA,
supports earlier research that suggests a clear correlation between
job satisfaction and health.
这项研究，在8月22日美国标准协会的年会中向公众展现成果，同时也证实了先前关于职业满意度与个人健康的相关性研究的研究发现。
In a 2003 meta-analysis of 485 studies on the subject, job
satisfaction was found to be strongly associated with psychological
problems such as burnout, depression and anxiety. A modest link
between job happiness and physical illness was also found.
2003年，一项综合485项研究的数据元分析，发现职业满意度与心理疾病(如职业倦怠，抑郁症，焦虑症)有着很强的相关性。同时，职业幸福感和生理疾病也有一定程度的相关性。
Job satisfaction is “an important factor influencing the
health of workers,” the authors of the analysis concluded.
这项分析的研究人员总结：职业满意度是“一个影响员工身心健康的重要因素。”
“Organizations should include the development of stress
management policies to identify and eradicate work practices that
cause most job dissatisfaction as part of any exercise aimed at
improving employee health,” the authors advised.
研究人员们都建议：“公司机构都应该把压力管理作为公司发展的策略之一，辨别和移除所有造成职业不满的工作任务，有助提高员工的身心健康。”
（编辑：何莹莹） ]